capital = 538
primary_culture = west_gashdzii
religion = kadkohi
government = princely_despotate
plurality = 5.0
nationalvalue = nv_none
literacy = 0.13
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01
civilized = yes

# Political reforms

citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = closed_borders
legislative_system = noble_parliament
land_reform_civ = feudal_tenure
banking_system = unregulated_currency
thralldom = thralldom_allowed
public_order = feudal_courts
administrative_reform = proprietary_bureaucracy
infrastructure = ad_hoc_development
health_care = no_health_care
school_reforms = no_school_system

# Social Reforms

emigration_law = emigration_restricted
clerical_law = magisterialism
worker_protections = no_protections
scriptural_law = courts_of_canon
welfare_laws = public_granaries
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment
slavery = yes_slavery
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
social_privileges = feudal_rights

ruling_party = dominion_conservative
upper_house = { # inherit
	theocratist = 0
	statist = 0
	conservative = 65
	reactionary = 15
	absolutist = 0
	liberationist = 15
	free_yoker = 5
}


#technologies


#flags

set_country_flag = kadkohi_country